1-No issues in minor since no minor was maken 

2- Overload or underload petitions: 
Moderate Issue: In year 2,Semester 2 Number of credits is: 8 And Underload Petition needed
Moderate Issue: In year 2,Semester 3 Number of credits is: 9 And Overload Petition needed
Moderate Issue: In year 3,Semester 2 Number of credits is: 11 And Underload Petition needed
Moderate Issue: In year 3,Semester 3 Number of credits is: 9 And Overload Petition needed

3-a Compulsory requirments are fullfilled !

b-Elective Courses
b-1- University elective Courses
No issues in university elective courses ! You have choosen all !

b-2-Major Elective Courses
No issues in Major elective courses ! You have choosen all !

4-No Double Major to check for

b-Elective Courses
b-1- University elective Courses
No issues in university elective courses ! You have choosen all !
b-2-Major Elective Courses
No issues in Major elective courses ! You have choosen all !


5- Co requisite and Pre requisite check

a- Prerequisite
No Issues Found in Prerequisite !

b- Corequisite
Criticial Issue:  Course: PHYS 112,Corequisites are: PHYS 102.
Criticial Issue:  Course: PHYS 101,Corequisites are: PHYS 111.

6- Concentration Check (Compulsory and Elective)

a- Concentration Compulsory
No Issues Found in the compulsory courses of concentration!

b- Concentration Elective
No Issues found in Elevtive Courses


7- Concentration Check (For Double Concentration)

No Double concentration was made to check for it

8- Course Offersings Check
Course MATH 101 Is registered in a non offering time
Course PHYS 101 Is registered in a non offering time
Course PHYS 102 Is registered in a non offering time
Course PHYS 111 Is registered in a non offering time
Course CIE 206 Is registered in a non offering time
Course CIE 212 Is registered in a non offering time
Course MATH 202 Is registered in a non offering time
Course MATH 302 Is registered in a non offering time
Course SCH 261 Is registered in a non offering time
Course SCH 262 Is registered in a non offering time
Course MATH 308 Is registered in a non offering time
Course CIE 338 Is registered in a non offering time
Course CIE XXX Is registered in a non offering time
Course CIE 439 Is registered in a non offering time
Course CIE 408 Is registered in a non offering time
Course SCH 263 Is registered in a non offering time
Course SCH XXX Is registered in a non offering time
Course SCH XXX Is registered in a non offering time
Course SCH XXX Is registered in a non offering time
